jo maniacs welcome to one
brand new video and thanks for feedback
yesterday to my video
it is about the following today and indeed has
with tim one of our hardworking maniacs
sent a few videos where he
train yes I'll show you down here
Just an example of Assisi
when jumping rope just jump with
the phone short transversely held so to 16
9-format resulted in me
made training video and I wanted
ask you now if you are already here
video uploaded for us so has or
have sent me one if you just
Sometime during the training somehow
could show where you just go somewhere
in the studio, whether you are training at home
whatever if we just bock it
have which box and really cool
motivation video for the channel
and that's why yes it would be cool if you let me know
could make such a training video and
As always, send could at
transfer just let me know and also
to the people where I am not like that yet
many could answer to the intense
I am sorry I am myself
but i will definitely work
do not carry on any help
we care everything will unravel if
they just have any
ambiguity is generally yours
training or nutrition yes then easy
post below
I will become you too and that is it
I have no problem I will you
Now my trainings plan as excel
document here under this video
to link
you can just look at it
do not want that now the accepts
simply because every human being is one
a little different but I want this
Just look in there like a plan
looks at me and then you can too
if you just want the exercises
could change that could cross out something
insert another and have the excel
document and gregor one of our
maniacs got me on that idea back then
brought everything a few weeks ago
write down what you're writing
training is so you do yours
set bench press with no idea
400,000 kilos and then write afterwards
on ok how much repetition I have
actually done and wear at the end
you all in an excel table 1 and
is just crazy as crass
motivated and what is one for
Exclusions are what you then for
can draw conclusions
which exercise you might do on monday
should do or what things are
not so well tolerated which lightning
work very well or on
which training course is particularly striking
pump has and so on
that's why my gift to you just
down here and download a video
can you get the excel file from me
and yes we would be cool if you give me one
could send video of you where you
Otherwise the training looks otherwise
maniacs today is grilled on the back
balkonien beautiful the stacks purely
refereed
my tip for today 30 bavaria
sorry dortmunder is just us
just have to go old times yes no matter me
do not want to make enemies so people
we'll see each other